So, guys, now let us formally describe the procedure written algorithm calling function F redounds
the following steps takes place in the given sequence.
So in the first step, the function set the return value of the COLLY in the extra.
Now, this is something new, which we did not discussed earlier.
Now X Register is a special register which is used to store the value which is written by the function.
So suppose you have a call function, suppose in full and suppose this function return six.
Right, so the value which is written by this function that is six will be saved in the special register
called Extra Register, when the code of function resumes its execution, the color function reads the
value of X register in order to obtain the value returned by the function.
So remember, X Register is a special register which is dedicated to store the value written by the
function.
So when the calling function returns, the first thing that the calling function does is to set its
return value into the X register.
Then in the second step function, increase the stack pointer by the amount equal to size of all local
variables of the frame, right?
So this really is the local stack memory, which is assigned to the local variables of the quality function.
In other words, we are freeing up the stack memory, which was occupied by all the local variables
of the quality function.
Then in the third step, the calling function restored the content of base point to register such that
the best point to register stores, the address of callers stack frame.
Right.
And after doing this, the calling function pop out the previous frames based pointer from the stack
mummery.
Once the caller base pointer is restored in the base pointer, register with then pop out the base pointer
value which is stored in Cawley's stack frame using pop operation.
Then in the step four, we simply restored the value of instruction point to register to point to the
return address.
Now, not that return address was saved in the stack frame, right, and after copping this return address
until the instruction point, the register will simply pop this return address from the Stack Mummery.
So as soon as we copy the return address value into the instruction point to register, we give the
control back to the calling function and this is achieved by the following assembly code.
So once the return address of the call function is restored in the instruction point to register, we
then pop out the safe return address from the memory and now in step four, since we have given the
control back to the calling function.
So henceforth it is the responsibility of the function to pop out all the arguments that it has passed
onto the stack memory when it invoked the quali function.
And finally the function reads the value which is stored in X register and resume its execution from
the immediate next instruction.
The address of the immediate next instruction can be obtained by adding one to the instruction point
to register.
So you can see that this is how procedures are written.
Algorithm can be described as a six step algorithm.
So in step three, we restore the value of base pointer register and step number four, we restore the
value of instruction pointer register and the value of.
Stack pointer register is restored automatically after popping out all the arguments that was passed
into the Cawley's start frame by the caller.